Extract the validation in its own page (#16290)
docker/docs: desktop/extensions-sdk/extensions/validate.md

---
title: Validate your extension
description: Step three in the extension creation process
keywords: Docker, Extensions, sdk, validate, install
redirect_from:
- /desktop/extensions-sdk/extensions/validation/
- /desktop/extensions-sdk/build/build-install/
- /desktop/extensions-sdk/dev/cli/build-test-install-extension/
---

> Before sharing or publishing your extension, we advise you to validate it. This ensures that the extension contains 
> every required [labels](labels.md) to be nicely displayed in the marketplace, and can be installed and run locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Validate your extension before you share or publish it. Validating the extension ensures:

- That the extension is built with the [image labels](labels.md) it requires to display correctly in the marketplace
- That the extension installs and runs without problems
```
